Or writes on this lecture we're going to be add in this functionality to our admin for Slash postop.
We're going to be adding a select with some options A to bunch here to apply whatever options we choose
here.
And and we want to add a new polls.
We can go to the new post page by clicking this button right now this is just a placeholder.
I'm just going to click enter and you're going to see it's just going to go ahead and disappear.
Let me just say this.
Make it disappear.
There we go see that.
So now we need to go to the view of polls that BHB page inside including admin and we need to add that
functionality.
So first thing that I wanted to do is wrap this whole table around with a tag or form
and go all the way down to where the table tag ends up again.
And let's just click went to the polls here.
All right.
So what.
Well let's get after this right here inside this table tag.
We're going to be inserting a couple of things.
So we're going to have a diff would it class of if I can.
Whoops sorry about that.
A div with a class of bulk options container.
And
here.
And I have already cut copy it down in the syle my right hand side.
And I just want to show you exactly what I'm doing.
Then I'm going to paste everything here.
But basically we are just doing a select thing you should be able to know how to do this since you should
know the amount.
All right.
So it's just a select and this is going to have some options.
Like this like that and we're going to pass some parameters there.
And if I show you right now it looks like this right.
Right now it looks like this we're going to need to have some classes and we need to add the two buns
right here.
So I already got a copy it down.
And what I'm going to do is I'm just going to pasted in here right.
I just wanted to show you that that's what we are doing.
All right so let me just copy paste it right here.
All right.
So I'm just going to move a little bit and make it look ok I guess right there.
So you see the day that we were out in here with a class of four that's going to make it 33 percent.
And we also have some options here.
We have this select as a class a form control that's going to make it go all the way across.
It's going to make it look nice we use in Bootstrap.
By the way I have a course on that.
You know that if I just go to my courses and you'll see that Bush of course there we also have another
day of for you just to make this 33 percent or so with the with 43 percent I believe 33 percent.
And we have an input and we have a anchor tag here that's going to take us to ad pulls out BHB.
But we've got to add another parameter here I believe.
All right.
So if I go ahead and save this and refresh here we see that we have the foresight right here where we
don't how the function ID yet we have kind of a placeholder.
We need to add some functionality to it.
All right.
Right now is not doing anything.
So go ahead and copy this down I'm going to go back to it so you can see it.
All right.
Make sure you wrap everything on the form and just copy this functionality there.
And while this markup and I'll see you in the next lecture right.
Thank you so much for watching.
And you're doing great.
All right.
Take care